+++
date = "2025-08-12T07:43:00-05:00"
title = "February Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
+++
* Meeting Called to  order by Jake K0RQ at 19:00 on May 20, 2025
* 26 Members in attendance
* 2 Visitors
<!--more-->

{{< banner >}}
These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format. The
Secretary's original minutes document (2025-05 Minutes.md) may be found
in the "**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder
on the [RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).
{{< /banner >}}

### Consent Agenda

#### Secretary's Report

* No Corrections

#### Treasurer's Report

* No Corrections

#### Librarian's Report

* No Report

#### Approval

* Jake K0RQ entertains a motion to approve the Secretary, Treasurer, and Librarian's reports
* Motion to approve by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Lance WA0LIA
* Motion passed unanimously

### Regular Agenda

#### Standing Committee Reports

##### ARES

Seth KC0ODE reports Fargo Picnic 17th June 17:00-20:00. We will need 3
volunteers, and possibly someone to pull the trailer if Seth is unable
to attend. Please contact Seth by May 30th. The fair is downtown in
Broadway Square.

##### Technical

Jake K0RQ reports the Grandin repeater is back online. The problem was
a bad can. Once that was replaced the repeater started working great
again. Technical team is hoping to get the Buffalo site online soon.

Kirk W0HNV reported a feedback issue, and reports repeater coverage from
Fargo to Mayville is great.

##### Education

Kirk W0HNV asks if anyone would be interested in the Extra class.
Contact W0HNV@gmail.com if interested.

##### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reports that we 'unofficially/officially' have a venue,
Hamfest will be at the Moorhead Armory. Anton reports that the venue
looks to be good sized and should work well for our needs.

Steve K0STK asks about when we can get in. Jake K0RQ said he will seek
clarification and communicate that accordingly.

Lori KC0GQE asks about rent. Anton KC0PFS reports it will be $950 to use
the facility.

Anton KC0PFS adds that we will not be using their kitchen facilities,
and we are looking into options for concessions.

We will have 8 foot tables, they are not heavy duty, but not light
weight either. Tables and chairs are included in facility rent.

We will have hotspot internet available. No site internet is available.
Pete WC0G adds that people testing will do their test on paper, so only
VE's will need internet.

For Seminars, there are 2 lined up. A fox hunt, and the ARRL forum.
Please contact Anton KC0PFS if you have any seminar ideas or would like
to present.

AV equipment and sound system is covered.

Anton KC0PFS entertains a motion for a startup hamfest budget of
$2000. This will be used for renting projector, screen, and other
deposits/incidentals.

* Motion by Brian K0GEF
* Seconded by Pete WC0G

Discussion concludes we will borrow member projectors, and any extra   .
amount not used will return to regular funds

* Motion passed unanimously

Hamfest 2025 is September 27th.

##### VE

Pete WC0G reports testing is still slow.

##### Media and Publications

Steve K0STK reports that everyone should be receiving the weekly email.
If not, see Steve K0STK.

#### Old Business

None

#### New Business

##### Fargo Marathon

Two more volunteers needed, contact KD0IOE

##### Field Day

#### Good of the Order

* Next meeting: June 17th - Activity/Presentation TBD

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Seth KC0ODE
* Seconded by Mark KC0SHM
* Motion passed unanimously
* Meeting adjourned at 19:30
